April
Everything the people here is right
nice welcome you are here at home
It is such a second home for me and me
can only say all are very very
friendly
they take care of everything so you can
just be satisfied
I would recommend it to anyone and me
also a hotel owner with
I can do that very well
to judge
So that would just be a paradise
So I say I already have many
other hotels but i would
Again and again here in the tropical went well
nice so spanish after here and that
I like soap very well the quaint know that
down to earth that I care about that
it did not know so much you want yes
go on vacation
Now, imagine is a wonderful then off in
the holidays
April
to trade
on
like to swim here and enjoy doing
walks the country offers a lot
so everything is there what you need so
I tell myself every can of old
Feel good for the elderly and how
said of the staff of the
Attention yes also for older people
to be helpful and so is easy
I can not do that once to children
have a say because I always do
alone here and I see her
little children are and feels
Actually we want it too
but more now i have been driving and
alone